feat: Support for 3-prime RNA sequencing (#62)
snakemake-workflows/rna-seq-kallisto-sleuth: workflow/report/plot-QC.rst

Histogram of read start positions of all samples as step chart. The left plot shows the first 20,000 bases from 3' end (x-axis).

> The right plot shows the full length transcript (x-axis).

Author: Noted. Changed file name

> **Quality control plot**,Quality control plot of all samples as step chart. The left plot shows the difference between transcripts length and read start postion upto 20,000 base pairs (x-axis).
> The right plot show the full length transcript (x-axis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Histogram of read start positions of all samples as step chart. The left plot shows the first 20,000 bases from 3' end (x-axis).
The right plot shows the full length transcript (x-axis).
```
